firstkissdream

You wake up. Your partner's dark eyes look back into yours, seeing your soul. In them, you can see the sun, a light. The air was the perfect temperature. You could taste the sea in the air but it wasn't overbearing. A crisp, refreshing taste that revitalized your youth and your passion for one another. You never had a moment together so serene as this one. You remember this... your first kiss.

<audio src="/Sound/LD48-firstkiss-hank.mp3"/>
+ [You keep staring longingly into your partner's deep, dark eyes.]
	You keep staring longingly into your partner's deep, dark eyes. Your family disagreed when they first learned of the romance. It wasn't deemed appropriate. Your father called their family "giant terrible monsters." He claimed that you were never to associate with them, that it would soil your family's good name. You didn't care.  A nudge. A brief nuzzle under your snout to bring you back to the present moment. Your partner reminding you where you belong, in the here and now, together. It started to rain, ever so gently.
	+ [This is meant to be.]
		This is meant to be. Why can father not see how things truly are? That these outdated principles only serve to further divide our people? That if we were able to mix our families, our bloodlines only grow stronger. If we combine and share our resources, we will all inherently be provided with substantial wealth? A second nudge. Your partner knows how your mind wanders. Knows you so well. The rain slightly intensified, in size and in speed.
		+ [Nudge back]
			You nudge back at the nape of your partner's neck and share an intimate moment. Their hot breath seeps into your eyes and up your nostrils, but you don't mind. The rain immediately cools down your body. The combination of the ice beneath your body and the heat above your bald head only serve to further your heightened emotional response. Oh, it's on now! You puff the sack of skin under your neck to display your arousal. It's been so long, you never thought you'd do that again. Your partner responds by puffing their sack to you, a sign of unwavering intimacy. You slap your partner's face gently, yet firmly at the same time. Your tusks rub against one another. Your partner slaps you twice on each side of your bulbous head. Your whiskers vibrate as the sack of skin beneath your neck bulges with compassion, even without you allowing it. Two more slaps to the side of your head. Slap! Slap! Oh, how you've never felt like this before. One more slap, hard slap, at the edge of your snout. SLAP! You can hardly hold yourself together anymore. Your air sack, bulging with anticipation. Both of your tusks rotate back as your mouths come closer together...
			+ [Kiss the other walrus]
				    
<exit dream="random"/>